OSDOCS-11383: GCP Workload ID webhook (#83682)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/pod-short-term-auth-gcp-deploy-pod.adoc

. Apply the deployment file by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f deployment.yaml
----

.Verification

* To verify that a pod is using short-term authentication, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -o json | jq -r '.items[0].spec.containers[0].env[] | select(.name=="GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS")'
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
{   "name": "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS",   "value": "/var/run/secrets/workload-identity/federation.json" } 
----
+
The presence of the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable indicates a pod that authenticates with {gcp-wid-short}.

* To verify additional configuration details, examine the pod specification.
The following example pod specifications show the environment variables and volume fields that the webhook mutates.
+
--
.Example pod specification with the `direct` injection mode:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: app-x-pod
  namespace: service-a
annotations:
  cloud.google.com/skip-containers: "init-first,sidecar"
  cloud.google.com/external-credentials-json: |- <1>
    {
      "type": "external_account",

>       "audience": "//iam.googleapis.com/projects/<project_number>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/on-prem-kubernetes/providers/<cluster_name>",

Reviewer: `<cluster_name>` to be updated to `<provider>` if also done so in my prior comment.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/pods/nodes-pods-short-term-auth.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[discrete]
[id="pod-short-term-auth-gcp-deploy-pod_{context}"]
= Deploying customer workloads that authenticate with {gcp-wid-short}

To use short-term authentication in your application, you must configure its related pods to use the {product-title} service account.

> Using the {product-title} service account triggers the webhook to mutate the pods so they can impersonate the {gcp-short} service account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use of the {product-title} service account triggers the webhook to mutate the pods so they can impersonate the {gcp-short} service account.
```
I'm trying to avoid an ambiguous "using" here. Feel free to take my revision or leave it.

> The following example of demonstrates how to deploy a pod that uses the {product-title} service account and verify the configuration.

Reviewer 3: > The following example of demonstrates 

"The following example demonstrates" instead?

Author: Great catch, thanks!
